And The Last Lecture we created the menu here but it's not really working because I don't have a way
of replacing the root page.
How can I replace page.
You could think that I inject the NAF controller here.
So let's do this.
I simply add Neph controller you're injected like this.
Make sure to imported from ionic angler and then an on load we can actually use the nav controller and
it indeed has a method called set route which allows me to set the route page so which pretty much empties
the stack of pages and replaces the root page.
However there is one big issue I'm in the up component.
This is where the application gets started.
NF is the thing ironic to will recognize to initialize the stack of pages.
However here in my constructor where I checked the nav controller in the app component This is at a
point of time where the stack of pages won't have been created yet.
Therefore we can't check nav controller here in AB component because it's not a whaleboat in the way
we wanted to be available because the navigation stack hasn't been created yet.
Thankfully there's a different way of getting access to our navigation stack.
We can use at view child at the view child you need to import that from angular core it's angler to
syntax not ironic to syntax.
And here I want to get access to whip's to my I and Neph element which as I explained earlier is kind
of my neph controller represented in a template.
So this is what instantiates they have control of what creates my navigation stack.
So I need to get access to this and it will have access via navigation Stec because view child well-selected
offered template has been rendered and therefore after the stack has been initialized.
Now to get access I could selected by type but I could also simply say or simply select it by this reference
here.
So Nav. would pass this as a string neth and this will now select the element which has this as a local
reference in the template which of course is I-and Nath.
And with this I'm getting access to it.
I'm starting with a property in Neph and it will be of type nav controller like this.
Make sure to again import Neph controller.
But now we're not injecting it.
We're getting access to it.
Once it has been created so make sure to have this import here.
Now we're having access to Nath now in on load.
I can say this Nath cetra route and now I want to set the page I selected in the menu as to route page.
I also want to do something else and for Disney to inject something I need to check the menu controller
and I will store it in a property name menu controller menu controller is imported from ionic angular
and make sure to add to import.
It allows us to manage the menu.
Now when we later open it obviously it's open.
But when we then select a menu item it doesn't close the menu automatically.
We have to do this and we do it Ruda menu controller there it can close or can call close and this will
close to currently opened menu exactly what we need.
That will create the menu that will allow us to replace the route page.
The issue is we're not able to see this in action because we don't have the menu item here so let's
add the menu item in the next lecture.